# main()

## To be an effective organizer, make use of our resources:

- This guide.
- Weekly/bi-weekly check-ins to see how things are going.
- Group calls to talk about upcoming milestones.
- As-needed support by messaging your CodeDay contact.

<aside>
👉 **Join the organizer chat.**

Create an account on [account.codeday.org](https://account.codeday.org/) and tell your CodeDay contact your username.

Then, join the discord @ [discord.gg/codeday](http://discord.gg/codeday) and follow the instructions in #link-your-account

</aside>

## Rules/Requirements

1. Your event should be:
    - 24 hours long, on a weekend (and ideally on the set date).
    - Open to high school students (and ideally middle school/college).
    - For the general public, not just students from one school.
2. CodeDay will handle money and purchases:
    1. *Don’t* spend money until you submit a budget.
    2. *Don’t* agree to pay venues before checking with us.
    3. *Don’t* accept sponsorships personally, or use a third-party (i.e. Hack Club Bank).
3. If an agreement needs a signature, send it to your CodeDay contact.
4. Use the website we provide, which is integrated with Clear. If you want to make changes please submit a pull request [here](https://github.com/codeday/www-event).
5. Follow the required parts of the event format to the best of your ability. If you don’t understand why something is required, please ask, there’s usually a good reason backed by lots of data.

## Make a Spreadsheet

All organizers should have a spreadsheet to plan their events. You can copy the template below:

[CodeDay Gotham F19 (Template)](../../../Private%20&%20Shared/CodeDay%20Gotham%20F19%20(Template)%20bc23e482723144e5b0e1a25926a102e5.md)